to the boys and girls of the meetings
they are only in the review of dolls of
visco ever after height I bought it in the
Mexican commission to 349 which was created and
Well now we are going to start by
review of the service box
as you can see it has the seal of a
reverse the image of service that
love to be such a father says to be a son or
daughter of Little Red Riding Hood
in the opposite
I loved loved the background look
can clinically
a wolf ayew gyan 2
super super mega father how to place the
baby blanket and you can tell your
orange and says wrapped in mystery and
is a basket and good and the logo of
veracruz rail
to see those who know how to
book
and good here is the after high the royal
or revel says it includes a separator and a
story and that is the biography
de es guix a picture of alejandra hands
man the raven queen from bland blogs and
obviously the thesis that you are super
super super mega father loved me
amazing
and well let's start with the
accessories in which your diary is
they usually say what I'm going to leave on my page
of facebook and diary photos for
that they can not see
the brush the base
and good
now we are going to service this service
obviously his coat
It's super-cool the details of the
black trees and tangled
silver and the red cloak with a tone
half cloud as lit and they saw how that
medien folded super super cool
and good in the inside has
control who
and he'll tie her up for this as a guy
necklace
and good this your dress that is also
super super bad to patricia
that is not like a dress rather like
a blouse can say is short-sleeved
how can you see that and of pictures has
his belt this one that is super great
has here also the part of I think that
this was also true and I loved their
leggings are super super super cool 82
very goddamn like his boots
they enchanted looks
beautiful
and good includes what is your ring
your bracelet
your basket superpower and complete gap
I'm like bulging it super remove with
these designs here around
and good
of makeup is a color like gold
with forgiveness like silver with coffee and
it has as a medium color
medium colors allow on your lips you
see super that the good doll this has
been all of the swiss review and
I hope you liked it like that if
well like the video subscribe on the
bottom part and well I have to
say that as you could see in another
previous video that is the one of the umo then
well tell me in the comments what is
what they want to see if they want to see the
review of my entire collection of
monster high mail
really
please leave me in the comments or
if you want to see the saying sharp review or
the own heller
please tell me in the comments and
well see you in the next video
bye